From
today, at Phan Anh's house, there was an
extra literature lesson. The teacher lectured on the
poem "The Country" and assigned
homework: "Research on love for one's
homeland and country, providing specific examples
from different historical periods." After the
lesson and assessing his abilities, he went into his room,
thinking about the teacher's words. Then he saw his
grandfather's medal and suddenly
realized, "
Oh,
oh, oh,
why didn't I remember my grandfather? Grandpa, Grandpa!" "
Grandpa!
"
[Music] "Grandpa!" "Grandpa,
Phan Anh, you're sitting outside right now, I
'll find you in your room." "
No, I'm reading
some articles about the youth retreat at Ba
Vang Pagoda, my child." "Grandpa,
let me massage your shoulders." "What did he order
me to do?" "Yes, nothing really impressed me." "
Well, let's get to the
point." "I
heard your father say that you
used to be in the army, right?" "No." "
Yes, that's right, my child." "
Can you tell me about the
wartime?"  Is that yours? Let's start a war,
shall we? Yes,
sir. Ah, I remember now.
Where are you going, little dog?
Ah, ah, how will you tell me the story?
Ah, ah, ah,
ah,
what kind of shirts are these? No, ah, ah, ah, ah, what kind of shirts are these? These are the shirts I wore with my comrades when we fought, about my love for my
country. I did it all in this shirt so I can tell you about the Dien Bien Phu offensive this New Year. Ah, ah ...
Before he
left, he casually swung his hand, giving him
a keepsake. Speaking of
which, I just remembered that July 27th is coming up, and he has to
go visit his comrade.
[Music]
Uh uh uh
uh,
is there a
child? Dad
came home from work, greeted Dad, the two of us,
what's up? This kid is asking for money again,
right?
Why do you always think of me like that? I'm
grown up now,
what am I to you? My nephew asked
me about love for his homeland,
what do you think about love for his
homeland? Oh, it's
thanks to
someone like you that he asks about love for his homeland.
Outside, when I'm lazy, I always pay a hundred.
Oh, Dad, Hong, I'll tell
you about love for my homeland.
Tell me, Dad!
[Music]
Thank you, my dear.
Where did you go? Your hair is full of tamarind. You're sitting here
thinking, it's so fun, my friend. I went alone, where did I go? My hands are
full of oil, the sky is windy. What are you thinking? It's so
fun, it looks like a dream, my dear. I
'll break it. I will come so you can hear
another stork return.  With a heart
full
of longing,
suddenly burning,
la la la la la
[music]
Dad,
You see,
love for one's homeland has existed from ancient times
to the present day.
From your grandfather's time, we protected the country from
invaders, and in your time, we
built the country so that it could
stand shoulder to shoulder with the world's superpowers.
And if I want to contribute to the country, I must be
talented.
What does it mean to be talented? It means you, Dad, are talented.
If you still want to be talented, you must
study hard, you must strive to learn every day,
no more, no more. Not only that, you also need to
have virtue.
So what does it mean to have virtue? If you have virtue, Dad,
this summer, Grandpa will go to the temple to do some volunteer work, and Dad will let
you go with him to participate in the summer retreat at
Ba Vang Temple. It's
wonderful! Thank you, Dad.
Where's Mom's son?
Sit down, sit down. Oh, are you tired? No, I'm tired.
My husband has already apologized,
apologized, apologized. My son,
how was your studies today? I
just asked Grandpa and Dad about what it meant to
love one's
homeland during the war.  Oh, oh, let
me explain it to you. It's not
that good, let Mom tell you.
For Mom, love for her homeland and country
is love for her family, my child. And
Mom is a woman who dedicates
her whole heart to caring for her family,
right? Husband, you're always
right, Mom! Oh, I love you so much, my child! Every
Vietnamese woman is like that, my child.
Caring for the family is also a
way to show love for the homeland and
country. Each family is a cell of
society. A happy family makes society
beautiful, and Mom will be a strong support
for the whole family, okay?
Thank you, Mom, thank you, Grandpa. Thank you, Dad.
Thank you everyone. My young friend, you must
try hard. Here it is. Then it will be Grandpa
's grandson, okay? Yes, okay. Okay, everyone,
go to sleep now. Yes, tomorrow
there's a celebration, the extracurricular course
with the roots, right? Go to sleep early, my child. Go to sleep early so you wake up
early tomorrow, okay? Let's
all go to sleep now.
I love my son so much, remember to cover yourself with a blanket, okay? The
next morning...
[music]
And you, honey...
[Music] I
heard that today we're going to do an
electrical assignment or something.
I took one once and the paper was really nice.
Here you posted this,
it's very... Where is everyone?
Hi
everyone!
Yes,
where is my ranking now?
I'm happy to leave. Ah ah ah ah ah...
about the
teacher... Do you know? No one chooses
how they die, and no one wants to
die, but when the homeland is in
danger, the country and the legacy of our ancestors
are threatened,
choosing death is the
most glorious and noble choice
for the homeland, for the people. Many sons and
daughters of the nation, including those in their late teens and early
twenties, have left
behind their personal happiness and the pages of their
lecture halls, ready to go to fight
for the independence and freedom of the homeland. Our Uncle Ho is
also a prime example; he did
not regret his youth,
going to find a way to save the country with a burning
desire for the nation. The
two of them did not shy away from difficulties, traveling to
many countries to find
Marxism-Leninism and apply it to the practical realities of
Vietnam so that we could have the
victory we have today.
Dear heroic martyrs, we, the
younger generation, have never heard the sound of guns or the
sound of music. We are
unaware that to live in a
peaceful country like this, millions of
heroic martyrs have sacrificed
their lives and blood. Yet, we have never shown any
gratitude. Now, on the occasion of the War
Invalids and Martyrs Day, July 27th, we, the collective,
stand before the monument and
sincerely repent for the times we have unintentionally
forgotten the gratitude we owe to our fathers and brothers. We vow to
forever engrave in our hearts the gratitude for the
heroic martyrs and will pass on to
future generations the love of our country.
Friends, always remember the gratitude we owe to
the heroic martyrs who
sacrificed their youth and blood to
protect our homeland. Showing gratitude for
the heroes' merits is also a way of expressing
our love for our nation, a way of showing our
national pride and self-respect.
[Music]
Now let's go home.
Phan Anh will not go with the car. Let's go home, it's getting
late.
I feel sorry for the heroic martyrs.  I was so impressed by the
homework assignment you gave me, and I kept thinking about it.
Now I truly understand.
Vietnam has a tradition of patriotism that has
lasted throughout its history.
[Music]
Whether in wartime or peacetime, whether
old or young, male
or female, we are all proud. We are all
proud to be children of Vietnam. The industry is the
same. I am also proud to be a
child, a citizen of Vietnam. I
understand. I am very happy that my student
has such gratitude towards the
heroic martyrs. I
really hope that from other schools and even other
countries in the future, we will all have such
wonderful and useful field trips like this.
[Music] Oh
Vietnam, let's sing forever, Vietnam! Oh Vietnam, let's sing forever,
Vietnam!
[Music]
Carrying the sun on the streets where I live, from there I
have forgotten,
in the country where faith is always
overflowing. Don't
send it up, but I come
here, circling in the sound of
life. Open South  Oh, it's
wrong here, people are going to Vietnam,
from the green fields fragrant with rice, back to
home, it will announce a belief,
forgetting
where we want to live, then the
white clouds fly, a circle of arms connecting,
speaking
quickly, speaking simply, the green sky of our homeland,
our people will hold hands, the sun shines brightly,
so many people join hands to build, waiting for
faith in a bright and beautiful Vietnam. Oh
Vietnam, proudly sing forever,
oh Vietnam, oh
Vietnam, proudly sing forever, oh Vietnam!
[music]
All of
you, my friends, love for our homeland
comes from within our hearts. Each of
us, no matter the circumstances,
Vietnam remains strong and united.
Our country has gone through so many ups and downs, so much hardship, to
have the peace and
independence we have today. That is thanks to the
efforts, dedication, the spirit of
unity, and the deep patriotism.
Even today, patriotism
remains a sacred feeling that needs to
be cherished and developed further.
And in this play, our group
wants to send you the message that patriotism
is essential for every person in society.  Our
homeland is our
national pride and self-respect. We need to
preserve our patriotism to contribute to
and build our country. Through
this play, we also express our gratitude
to the heroic martyrs of previous generations who
have preserved and protected a
beautiful Vietnam like today.
[Music]
The streets where I live have given me something I've forgotten
in the middle of the country. Congratulations to you all for
excellently completing your talent competition! And
please, let's give a
big round of applause to congratulate the
group on their performance.
[Music]
Hello to the members of team 6,000!
You did very well in your performance, were
n't you? And as the
July 27th holiday is
approaching, and we get to watch this play, we
also want to express our
gratitude to the merits of the heroic martyrs who
laid down their lives so that we could
have a peaceful country like today. My dear
friends, are
you proud to be children of Vietnam
?
If so, let's join Nova of
the sweets! I love Vietnam, that's right,
it will come!
123 I love Vietnam, thank you
very much, it's wonderful! And once again,
I sincerely thank you for
your performance. Now, we will
listen to the
valuable comments and evaluations from the esteemed teachers in the
judging panel. First, we would like to
respectfully ask Venerable Thich Truc Thai Minh to give
you his comments on the
performance just now. Dear audience,
this is the first performance of the second talent show night
in this summer retreat, with the
theme of love for homeland and country. The
Venerable Master also finds this theme very
suitable for the summer retreat program
that he has set for you all. To let you
know that we were born on
this S-shaped land, which we call our
Fatherland, our homeland, our country.
We are all descendants of Lac and
Hong, children of Mother Au Co and King
Lac Long Quan, people of Vietnam, so
we all have a duty to love our
homeland and our land.  To protect
this homeland, in the summer retreat program,
the master, like the organizers,
wanted to instill in the children
a love for their country.
Therefore, the theme the children chose
was very good and
appropriate, especially in preparation for
July 27th, the Day of War Invalids and Martyrs.
The children chose a very suitable
and excellent theme. Regarding the story's script, the
master highly appreciated it. The children
expressed their love for their homeland
throughout the
periods of war,
peace, and national reconstruction. They
concretized this through
images, and most importantly, through the story of a
woman, a wife in the family.
If fulfilling one's duties well and taking
good care of the family is also a way of loving the
country. This is a very good perspective, and the
master highly appreciates it. It shows
us that taking good care of
a family is not only about being good,
because the family is the cell of society.
If there is peace and happiness, then
that country is also good, your father is also good. This is a
very new perspective, and you will see that it is
very good. The slogans of the group "
Thousands of Winds Overcome Countless
Challenges, the Shadow of the Teacher, the Thousand-Year-Old Pine Tree" -
this is also a very good understanding
for young people. You must know how to
overcome all difficulties and challenges to
rise up. Young people must be like that.
Overall assessment of this performance by the
Thousand Winds group: the master assesses this as a
very good, very successful, very complete, very
intelligent performance.
[Music]